ok very confusing using this map
with new coordinates to try to
figure out with we are in this
complex channel madness same
everything really
and then I bahria we went to the
far east to paddle parts of the
armoire river that I'm river is
the third-longest free flowing
river that's left on our planet
and with sixty percent of the
world's rivers being damned now
it was an opportunity to see
something that's truly last of
its kind
oh oh god it's crazy and we
traveled the whole length of the
armor by many different means of
transportation what I can't feel
my legs can you feel like
talking
no no it also hurts what hurts
so this expedition was comprised
of four women I was the leader
of the expedition was anybody
else hear me there was Becca
Dennis who is our River guru
there's crystal right who is our
expedition photographer and then
labour party who was our River
ecologist the amor was so
unknown we could never tell how
much risk we're actually in it
was really unnerving we felt
really small and really confused
as to if we were within a level
of risk that we were comfortable
with it
what's going on ever
I'm really scared
I'm sorry mom you're right it
was a terrible idea
we didn't realize it until the
end of the trip to the
Mongolians that we met over
there they were making sure we
are taking care of as we went
along the whole trip it more
than anything they brought a lot
of lightness enjoy those really
important to us not to take
ourselves too seriously and I
think there was something
special about that dynamic being
for women and being able to just
be totally silly and
rambunctious and be ourselves
dancing was a really healing
joyful part of the trip and
there's something about dancing
like moving your body rather
than talking about something
thinking about something that's
challenging there was something
of incredible about that for us
you know there's some places
that are as powerful as they are
beautiful and the own on river
was definitely one of those
places for us what's happening
internally how going out and
pushing our comfort zones
transforms us that's where the
magic is for me